HEAR WHAT DOES IT guys involve.
So now in this video I am going to be showing you that how can you basically work with the blog.
OK.
What is a blog.
Why is it necessary for a site to have it can see that this is our simple basic web site.
OK.
There's our introductory Web site we have our home and this is that content we have about us page and
this is all about content.
Okay.
And then we have the Contact Us page.
OK.
So now you know how to create page.
That's all.
You haven't learned anything about WordPress you just know how to create pages.
And that's all that's all this is our simple basic website.
OK so page creation is very easy guys.
Everyone can do it.
The main part is the design the mean part is the understanding the main part is the functionality the
mean part is everything.
So don't just go ahead and just leave this just leave this course and just be like OK I know the word
Bresse so don't be like that because there are so many customizations that you do not even know that
they are possible.
OK.
So just stick to the scores.
Do not miss any video.
OK.
So any here are going to be talking about the blog.
What is a blog and why is it necessary for a website to have.
So it depends what you want to add the blog functionality to your website or not.
But I want to explain you and I am telling you to please guys listen to this because this is very important.
Let's just go ahead and let's take an example from the website.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I am going to open the apple dot com.
This is the iPhone company that is Apple.
And now here you can see that it says Mac iPad iPhone watch TV music sport and everything.
OK.
This is the Apple website.
And if I just go to the down section you can see it is news room.
OK here you can see it here is Newsroom.
If I just open it up it can see press release and it says Apple Store cakes and everything.
So here they just add a lot of posts about their company that what is happening in their company and
the is relieved and something like that so you can see this is the category of the press release and
this is as the category of a feature and you can see how Apple and this are transforming the future
of Texas down.
OK.
We have this and this and this and so there are so many thing we have this category as the updates like
Apple reveals 2007s most popular apps and music and more let's suppose that I like this post.
And I just opened this up in a need to see like how this post for it's ok you can see everything is
here.
It is the update.
It is the post that when it was published and we have the Apple release this we have this whole post
coming
he has also added the video here and everything about this post coming you can see that there are different
things that you can add to your website.
So don't feel like that that you know everything OK.
You just know how to create a page and you can see how creative this looking.
So this is how it is looking.
This is basically called the Apple NEWSROOM.
OK so some of the Web sites do have this like.
It is the Amazon prime video arrives on Apple TV over and everything and there are so many if I just
go down down down and it says a few more if I just click here I can see it loads more post.
OK.
You can see we have two here like at bulgy partner to pring predicts industrial apps to iOS.
OK so they just blog about their company is blog about tech fear of releasing this.
And like the future is your iPhone 10.
OK so if I just open it up and this post was hit OK this post had so many views guys like I mean I just
posted this.
It just went viral.
Everyone was like OK what does the iPhone 10.
How does it work again.
What is it.
And then there's this and this.
So this had so many views I don't know they have added a fuse into here but it has so it had so many
views.
OK.
So we have taken the example from here and let's just add it to be like Android.
On the Android but what's just targeting a big company called Microsoft Android users.
Please don't tell me that Android is not a big company.
OK I'm not just telling you that but Microsoft's blog so here you can see these blogs start Microsoft
dot com.
If I just open it up and then let's see how does they have the blog so it can see that they have this
blog you can see they have the first post.
This is the post that is a featured post.
We go down they have this post this post and you can see that it was posted on this this this and they
just tell us about their company that how their company is growing and everything and we have this.
And if I just click view more is going to view me more and he can see it as more news and we have the
page nation right here.
So if I just go to the page 3 you can see that we have more news here.
So let's suppose that I just like this one.
OK.
I just opened this up and I see OK.
They have a blog post here.
And let's open it.
OK can see that they have the rule about this that how the celebration was in the content and everything.
So this was posted by this corporate vice president Microsoft cloud.
If I just opened it to this blog author like who is the blog Autor this and you can see it.
It's going to show the posts that were posted by this guy.
So let's suppose that I want to search about some incident that happened in the Microsoft like
update or a thief.
So let's suppose that an incident happened and a thief just got arrested.
So I'm just going be searching for a thief so let's see how many they have for his TV so you can see
that we have three results for you.
So let's suppose that this is the update about how the walking dead creator showcases Spierer of Internet
Explorer 10.
And so you can see that it had the word Thief of Thieves.
That is why it described that thief.
Key word from here and it's gay and it gave me here.
So this is how the blog for ex-gays because blogs are so important for a web site and wordpress thinks
of every web site.
OK.
Like you must not need the blog.
Ok you must be like OK I just need to home about.
Contact us.
I want to learn designing part by telling this blog but please understand this guys because in future
you might need it.
OK.
So there's nothing you can say.
So let's just go ahead and let's just work that the blog of our website.
OK let's just see how can we add posts to our website.
And how can we just work with it.
So I'm going to go to my dashboard right now quickly.
OK this is my dashboard here I am logged in.
OK and I am going to close this.
And let's just go ahead to a dashboard so far post when we want to add a post to our website.
OK how we add that.
So let's suppose that I want to add a new post.
OK.
Like an incident happened at iTunes yelled out come like a thief got arrested.
So it says a T got arrested by the CEO OK CEO is the CBI.
OK.
So here I'm just going to add this.
Copy this and so let's put it this is my content for this year.
OK.
And I'm going to paste it.
So let's just add it here.
Press Control V and you can see that this is right here and here I'm going to be adding the image of
the TV then who was the tief basically.
So I'm going to go to the ADD media there.
And I am going to go to the select files and end here I'm going to go to desktop and I want to go to
the TV that how does that look so let's put look more like this.
OK I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to just open this up and this is the image of the thief.
OK.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit insert into post.
That's all.
OK.
So this will be added here.
I can just click here.
I can resize it that how good size I want here and I can do pretty well anything with that.
So I know it is not working but we will understand it later on.
That right is not working.
OK.
So let's just go ahead and let's just published as.
Because he can see that this is how the post is looking.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to publish this right now.
And let's open this up.
OK.
I mean I come here and I'm going to hit view Posto.
This is how my post is looking.
You can see that it says concealer or mine.
We have just another word Press website.
We have these pages and then we have like 10 12 by 10 Zele.
OK so you can see it is exactly same.
If I just go ahead and I just open up the window you can see it is the date.
And the author of the ball that who posted this.
This is exactly same guy as you can see it was posted on this and it was posted by NZL.
A thief got arrested by the CEO.
And here is all the details about that incident and people can reply here as well guys like we can manage
the commenting.
OK.
So do not worry about this.
People understand this about this.
OK so I can see how people can just go ahead.
They can just add to your blog post.
OK.
And everything is coming.
So you can see that it's his recent post and we have this.
This is the sidebar that comes to all the blog post.
OK.
I'm going to tell you about this later on.
But let's just selected look at this you can see a team got arrested by the CEO.
Hello world.
And these were the recent polls that were added to this.
This is the post that was added by word press.
If I just go to my dashboard and then I go to the post and then I go to a post you can see we have.
Hello Bill.
And we have this a thief arrested by the.
So you can see this is the post that we have just made.
And it has no common trade here so it just displays that it has no comments but it has.
If I just go ahead and I just open up this post then you can see this is also a post that was created
by Wordpress and it says a WordPress commenter.
It was on January and this anatase.
Hi this is common to get started with moderating editing tweeted please visit the common screen and
the dashboard comment Avatar's comes from card.
So you can see how it is looking and we have this next post coming here as well.
A thief got arrested by the CEO.
So anyone can just click here and he'll be redirected to the second post which is this.
So now in the next video I'm going to be showing you that.
How can you create a page that basically displays all your latest news like you can see that Apple had
a page created.
OK if you just go to like Apple dot com.
OK.
If you just go to deer you can see that we go down we go down and have this news room right here.
So Apple created this newsroom page that to show all the recent posts that attack.
So if anyone wants to just go ahead and they want to know about these people Apple are can just go to
that specific page and it's going to show all the posts.
So we're going to create that.
So in the next video I'll be showing you that.
So Stadion guy is now you guys know how to basically work read the post.
OK.
In the upcoming videos animals are going to show you how can you categorize post.
How can you work with these legs that you if you want to remove this.
These days because I don't like this.
And I would highly recommend you to remove these dates.
OK.
How you can do that and how everything is done.
But we will be doing gradually so in the next video I'll show you that I can create a page and that
displays all your post so stadium guys and Buh-Bye.